Speaker 0:  Mm-hmm. Okay, um, that should start. Um, a couple of, uh, um, admin stuff to get out of the way. Uh, because we just started the recording, I do have to have you, um, agree to the consent form, uh, that you have read it and that you agree to participate in this, that you understand the plain language statement and that, um, everything in the consent form makes sense and you have no question about that?
Speaker 1:  No questions.
Speaker 0:  Okay, perfect. Well, in that case, um, you know, uh, I just want to thank you again for the, um, sort of spending time for this. Um, I know that, uh, some of this could get a bit, um, uh, pedantic, but, uh, I hope that today won't be too boring for you. And really, I just want to understand how sort of students from Com 1001 and everything use AI as part of their studies. Um, just for your own, uh, benefits, for a bit of background here. Um, during my PhD studies, we've implemented another sort of AI tool that, um, we, we did in another class, Com 9059. So, that was like Com 1001, but for the master, the graduate level. It's exact same thing, but for people without, uh, sort of, um, bachelor in computer science. Um, and the uptake on that was quite low. So, in literature, they were saying that they would prefer AI tutors and everything. So, my team and I, uh, decided to, uh, do so as part of a grant and research. But we didn't find a lot of usage, a lot of, um, uh, enthusiasm around the tool. And so we sort of flip the project backlit and say, well, then perhaps we should ask, you know, genuine students who may be interested in AI and their usage and studying and see the areas at which they would actually use, uh, you know, like these kinds of tools instead of assuming that they would use certain things and build that for them. Um, so, um, You know, building on that, that there will be no wrong answer. Everything you say will just be your experience and that, um, uh, we'll keep everything confidential. Uh, as I've told a couple of people who have joined before you, you know, if, um, you feel in any way you don't want to answer any questions, uh, please tell me to skip or just refuse it outright. Um, if somehow this thing doesn't remain confidential, if it leaks to your subject coordinators or everything, um, It's one phone call away for me to lose my degree. So, it's certainly not worth it for me to do anything like that. Um, I will be looking off screen once in a while. I'm just filling out the, um, uh, interview protocol. So, uh, uh, yeah. We'll, we'll start with a bit of a warm-up. questions here. Uh, could you tell me if you're an undergraduate student or postgrad and what kind of, uh, uh, what year are you currently in in your degree?
Speaker 1:  Um, I'm undergraduate and this year, 2026, I'll be second year Bachelor of Science.
Speaker 0:  Bachelor of Science, you say?
Speaker 1:  Yes.
Speaker 0:  So is this an electives?
Speaker 1:  Uh, I think this would be an elective, yes.
Speaker 0:  Oh, that's awesome. Uh, would you say that English is your first language?
Speaker 1:  Yes.
Speaker 0:  And do you speak any other language besides English in your day-to-day communications or if you're checking up study materials online?
Speaker 1:  Um, at home I can speak like Mandarin and stuff, yes.
Speaker 0:  I've taken a two-year course of that myself when I was younger and, um, I wish to get a bit more fluent on that personally. Um, can you tell me about your specific? AI usage. So, uh, tools that you generally default to, um, that could be, you know, really anything. Uh, the, the scale could be a bit wider from your chatbots to things like Grammarly or anything. Uh, uh, do give me that sort of, um, you know, preference of yours.
Speaker 1:  I would say, like, most people, I do use, like, ChatGPT sometimes if it's, like, um, I think my main usage of, uh, ChatGPT is sometimes I do, like, tutoring, for example. And sometimes I use that when my student asks, like, a question and I'm like, hmm, this might be beyond the scope of what I know. Sometimes I use that to, like, help answer, like, a particular question they might have from school. Um, other than that, um, the other AI I think I would use, maybe not willingly, is that, you know, how Google has, like, the Gemini thing, the AI overview that comes up? Um, like, I would like to be able to, like, go into websites and make my own research, but it comes up so conveniently that I just, like, automatically start reading it, um, rather than, like, look into different websites. Um, so, yeah, I would say I use that as well.
Speaker 0:  I do find myself sort of defaulting to that a lot these days. Perhaps too much. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know. Um, I never know if it's true, but sometimes it just works in a pinch, so. Um, how often would you say you would use these tools? And again, this is more so for your either, you know, your professional work or your, uh, you know, typical week of study. Um, how much do you sort of use these, uh, AI tools as part of you, that, that, uh, that process?
Speaker 1:  Um, I would say every time I Google something, it comes up. So, like, even if I want it or not, I do read it. And that could involve, like, studying stuff. Like, for example, since this is a study on, like, how I, Like, use it for, like, computing subjects. I mean, I'm only doing foundations of computing. But, like, if I Google, like, a function or something, it's automatically going to come up. And then I just, like, read that. So that could be something. Um, I don't know. I use Google quite a bit, though, just to search up stuff in general. Um, other than that, um, ChatGPT maybe, like, once a week, maybe. And the others, I don't know them very well.
Speaker 0:  Yeah, um, that's perfect for me. Um, so. You didn't mention tutoring, but, um, I was assuming that that was a programming course, although I might be wrong. So, just going off to the next one, um, do you have programming, uh, experience prior to Com 1001?
Speaker 1:  Um, I do know a little bit of Python, um, because my dad has been, like, trying to teach me for a bit, but I also did another subject called atmospheric modeling. I'm not sure if you know that.
Speaker 0:  Oh, right.
Speaker 1:  Yeah, and that one has, um, like, a little bit of a coding component, and then we had to do, like, a little project, um, even though most of the code was pre-written for us, and we just had to, like, edit it to, like, fit our project.
Speaker 0:  Um, I did do a bit, yeah. It's not Alistair's subject, was it? Alistair's girlfriend, no?
Speaker 1:  Uh, this is in, um, the school of, like, atmospheric science stuff.
Speaker 0:  Oh, cool. Um, perfect. Uh, so, would you say that, uh, you know, programming as in general, I guess, at least in your expectations or experience, how difficult would you say those concepts are to you?
Speaker 1:  I would say, like, for, like, the one week of lectures we've had in, uh, in foundations of computing, not that difficult, because I feel like it's very logical, but I can imagine if you're, like, trying to solve a really complex problem, um, I think I would, like, if I start writing something, I'll probably, like, miss something, there'll probably be errors everywhere. Um, yeah. I don't know.
Speaker 0:  Sure. Uh, um, so, uh, from there, we'll go on to more of the core questions sort of things. Uh, and, um, again, this study is about programming, uh, studies, but if you, you know, haven't used that for programming subjects, you could just also tell me about your own, um, usage of AI in perhaps other subjects. But I do want to understand, you know, what kind of task. Do you usually seek help from these AI for?
Speaker 1:  What tasks?
Speaker 1:  Programming? I haven't really, well, okay, so, in atmospheric modeling, um, in that little coding component, we did have to, like, add our own stuff and, like, analyze some data and whatever. Um, we did, we had to sign, like, an AI declaration form, but within that thing, we were allowed to use it to, like, check a few things. Um, and then as long as you, like, wrote it down in the declaration, it was fine. So I think I used, um, the AI to, like, um, write, like, a few lines for me that was, like, beyond the scope of the subject because it's not a computing subject. It's a, like, an atmospheric science subject. So I think I got it to, like, there was some data sets and I asked it to help me change the time zone, um, to, like, Australian time zone. Um, and then also, like, I think it was because we had been given a lot of code. I think I also asked it to, like, Tell me what each line of code was talking about because it was a bit complicated. Um, because it was like, you know, meteorology. It's like so many data points. It's using like X arrays or whatever. And I was like, I don't know what's happening. Um, so I used it to help me like tell me line by line, what's happening logically in like just words. Um, that was really helpful and then allowed me to do the rest of the project.
Speaker 0:  Yeah, that's, that's awesome. Um, so, you know, this, this sort of like using AI to explain things. step by step, so, uh, to break down a complex problem, things explain it more in finer details. Um, have you sort of used that in, uh, other subjects as well, as, as you're sort of going through, let's say in your first year, do you also use AI in that manner?
Speaker 1:  Um, I would say yes, like, sometimes I do, I do like physics and maths and stuff. Um, so if I have like a problem that I'm kind of stuck on, um, and I'm like, I don't know who to ask, sometimes I just go to ChatGPT, like I take a screenshot and I put it in. And then it tells me, like, how to start and, like, what you should do to approach the problem, which I find really helpful. Um, I guess one thing is it's a lot faster at responding than, like, a tutor, for example. Um, I don't know. And it's, like, pretty good at breaking stuff down.
Speaker 0:  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Um, now, I am aware of the sort of, like, modern landscape of things where AI is readily available and that's sort of, like, an easy default. But I am curious as to, you know, if you've had attempted these, uh, problem solving or understanding these codes or these concepts before without the help of AI. Um, and, you know, if you did so, let's say, for, for whatever reason, you might not have access to AI or that AI was not allowed to, uh, to be used. Um, uh, you know, walk me through the process of going through that sort of understanding without, uh, AI assistance.
Speaker 1:  Um, so, I don't know. I think I would, I definitely do try to understand it without AI first. Um, I definitely, like, read it and then look to my notes, see if I have anything that's, like, relevant to it that can help me answer my question immediately. Um, I mean, there's a lot of resources sometimes given to different things, like, like, slideshows, there's, like, a discussion and stuff. Um, you can definitely go there, but I, yeah, I think if I, it is very convenient, but, um, If this happens to be a time where, like, a lecturer or a tutor has, like, a consultation time, that's, like, maybe, like, tomorrow or something, um, I'm happy to, like, just list out my questions and ask directly there because that's what I did with atmospheric modeling as well. Um, I sent it to my teacher and then, um, she gave me a lot of things to help and then later, the other nitty-gritty stuff, I think, the less important stuff, I think I just asked AI. Um, but I do think having someone explain it is a lot. It's a lot easier to learn stuff when someone else explains it to you. Um, and I feel like AI is, is another tool for that, but I feel like a tutor or a person walking through it is better, but I feel like it's a better, you don't feel like you're wasting as much time, other people's time if you're using AI rather than a tutor, for example.
Speaker 0:  Yeah. Um, so I'm just gonna sort of dig down on that a bit deeper. So you mentioned, you know, like convenience of AI and, um, I'm curious to, uh, you know, understand a bit more. So, certainly, you know, you, you mentioned that, um, there's a preference over tutors. That's, that's, uh, very true of that. But, um, when you do, uh, use AI, you know, what's, what would you say the advantage that AI gives most over these other methods, such as going to a tutor or checking out your notes?
Speaker 1:  Um, I think, again, it's the speed of which you can get a response. And it's like, Um, yeah, I, I do think it's the convenience of the negative. So you can, like, ask, like, if you're doing a question late at night, 10 p.m. or something, there's no way if you ask a discussion is going to be a response. Maybe you have something that needs to be done very quickly, um, maybe something due soon, and you just want to ask, like, a quick question. Um, I don't know. I feel like you can ask, like, a general question to AI, and then it'll give you a good, um, enough response to help you keep going with the task rather than waiting for a consultation.
Speaker 0:  Um, so, Um, you know, clearly this sort of paints a picture of how you use AI. Um, but from your own perspective, uh, how much do you say you would rely on AI to sort of understand concepts or, um, understand codes or debug a problem? How much of, you know, how much of that understanding comes from the usage of AI versus, um, your own process of checking notes and talking to a tutor?

Speaker 1:  I think, again, it depends on the subject, but it's not a very high, it's maybe, like, 10%, maybe, I'm not still, I think. It's a, it's a lot of, like, I feel like getting, like, the concepts down and understanding stuff is definitely for, like, reserved for, like, doing it yourself and, like, asking features. But if it's, like, just one, like, big challenge question and then you're, like, oh, I don't know how to tackle that, um, and I don't have the means for asking anyone right now. I might just turn to AI to quickly give me a little bit of a hint or, like, a little bit of a guide on how to go about something and then keep going. But I would say most of learning, I don't think you can rely on AI for, um, learning most things. You have to do it yourself.
Speaker 0:  So, um, would you say that, um, AI, you know, has been able to provide, uh, a certain depth of understanding? How, so, my question would be, like, how would you describe, you know, the, um, the ability of AI to explain certain concept and depth for you?
Speaker 1:  Um, I would say it's, it's, it's good because you can, like, when you ask a prompt and it gives you a bunch of questions, it usually prompts you to ask, like, do you want more depth on this thing? Or I can talk more about this if you ask more that. Um, so I find it's good if you want to ask, like, repeated questions. Sometimes it gives you, like, a logical thing. Um, I would say sometimes. It is true that sometimes AI is definitely wrong and sometimes you read it and then you're like, oh, I don't think this is correct. So that's probably a bit more of a hindrance. Um, but as a general guide, I think it does help sort of, um, with a bit of learning. Wait, what was your question again?
Speaker 0:  Uh, yeah, yeah, that's perfect. Um, I'm just gonna sort of build up on that again. Um, you know, you mentioned prompting it quickly, it gives out the answers, uh, but, um, You know, um, sometimes I could be a bit suspicious of, like, how deep the answer goes. So if people report a quick usage, uh, they'll just, uh, ask it a question, it returns an answer, and that's about it. Um, for this sort of studies, I do wonder if it has the required depth. that you want. So, you know, if learning with AI gives you the sufficient understanding of, like, a programming concept or, uh, from your physics or math degrees, uh, you know, to understand the concept a little bit deeper, a little bit more, um, you feel like, uh, it is, uh, supplementing the material or that, uh, you, you know, feel that it's only best for those quick questions.

Speaker 1:  I would argue, at least for first year subjects, um, I would say it would actually focus, I'm thinking like you, when you Google stuff, that's one way, but like, would you, it can help you deepen things, because, um, in first year subjects, at least, a lot of them are like foundational or introductory stuff, so some things you might not go into a lot of depth, um, and it's more like, you just cover everything broadly at like a more surface level, so that in future years, you can go deeper. Um, so if I like, I'm curious about something, I'm going to Google it. And then I'll maybe do a little bit more reading about, like, why this might be the case. Um, and then, like, for AI, I guess Gemini comes up and it just, like, gives you, like, an overview in that. Otherwise, I would just, like, look through some websites and, like, deepen my understanding about something. Because, again, first year is a bit more surface level, I think.
Speaker 0:  Right. So, um, just so I could, uh, get that right, um, you would put it into AI, get a quick overview, and then do your own sort of studies into the concept that the AI provides the... get your own sort of understandings of the concept?
Speaker 1:  I think it's, I want to do my own research, but sometimes AI pops up, and hence it's part of that research.
Speaker 0:  Got you. Um, so, you know, in, in general then, would you say that AI has affected your quality of studies? And if, you know, if we were to take AI away, um, would your quality of studies change, if at all?
Speaker 1:  Like, do you mean, like, the quality of information that I, or, like, how well I learn stuff?
Speaker 0:  Mm-mm. I guess so. So, I guess, just in general, you know, like, what would your experience be, let's say, if you, if you were to continue on your degree without AI, um, how would you feel that that would affect you in, uh, in any way?
Speaker 1:  I think it would be totally manageable without AI. I think AI is definitely. I mean, I do, again, AI is still sort of like a, like the, how like normal, like just regular people are using it. I feel like that's still kind of a new thing. Um, I feel like if it was just disappeared, um, I don't think much will change because, um, I don't know. Again, I just use it for like the occasional sort of thing to like help me like understand stuff. But I feel like that could be easily replaced with like maybe more tutor consultation times or like using a discussion more or like, um, I don't know. I mean, again, most of the AI usage is the unwilling AI overview that comes up. I would just be doing my normal research by clicking into websites, doing a little bit of reading, maybe watching an occasional YouTube video and stuff. Um, yeah, I feel like, I feel like it would be fine. Um, but because I think AI is so convenient nowadays, most people default to using it a little bit.
Speaker 0:  Mm-hmm.
Speaker 1:  So, yeah.
Speaker 0:  Um, I do want to know, you know, that's, um, Uh, that sort of attitude towards AI and if there is a reverse side to that, uh, again, you mentioned convenience, uh, of doing a task at 10 p.m.s if there's no one available on at discussions or there's no, uh, tutors, obviously AI will be, um, you know, an easy choice, uh, but are there, you know, specific times where you would prefer the help of AI systems over traditional supports like peers or tutors or Even Googles or Notes. Um, are there times where AI, in your opinion, would just be a bit better?

Speaker 1:  I think, I, I, I generally like the, like, not AI as in that sort of support system for learning stuff. I think that's better. But I do think, again, it's like, You can put specific things and, like, the specific things that you want answered into AI and it might be, I don't know, I think tutors do that job, but again, I think tutors, they have the, like, only limited amount of time. I do think it's more convenient in AIs, like, to do that. Um, so, like, if it's really specific things and it's, like, niche things, maybe it's, like, even beyond, um, maybe it's more, like, multidisciplinary. Maybe it's not just within this one thing. AI would have more knowledge and be able to connect it to other things maybe that you already know. Um, whereas if it's like a tutor who's a specialist in, like, computing subjects, maybe it's like, um, there could be a chance that the tutor is really good at explaining it such that it's computing people understand it, but maybe not so much just like a, a, a newbie, you know? Um, maybe that's, yeah, maybe that's where AI can come in, but I'm not sure.
Speaker 0:  Um, so have you used it in that way before to sort of connect? the dots across disciplines, uh, as, you know, you, you will be a perfect example of that. Let's say you're from a different degree, you're doing Com 1001, which, you know, uh, would be in, like, computer science rather than geoscience. Um, do you then use AI to connect the dots between these kind of disciplines, these ideas?
Speaker 1:  Um, I would, I mean, I guess I do maths and physics, which is already, like, really related. So if you talk about physics, I think if I, like, put, like, a, question about physics in, it might, like, start to justify something using some, like, maths principles or something. Um, so, yeah, I would say the ways that it has connected stuff is because the things are already very connected, and it's kind of like, if you talk about one thing, you should really talk about the other. Um, but otherwise, not really, I think.
Speaker 0:  You don't actively prompt it to do that, do you? Like, if you say, oh, I'm from this background, explain to me in this concept.
Speaker 1:  No. But sometimes I do know that AI, like, at the very end, it's like, it gives you like an analogy, but it's like a really basic analogy.
Speaker 0:  Right, right.
Speaker 1:  It's like something very simple.
Speaker 0:  Um, so if you were to quantify, you know, that support, um, again, you've, uh, you've talked about, um, how AI would just be a convenience for you, but, um, if you were to sort of rank that support, uh, you know. If, let's say, there's, uh, tutors, uh, books, Googles, and then AI, where would that fall on that, you know, preference ladder? Where would you say, you know, your, your sort of, um, response to, uh, AI assistance be in this whole feel of, like, available supports?
Speaker 1:  Okay. Um, I would say at the top, it should be just tutors, because, or, like, the lecture consultation. I would say some tutors are not that good.
Speaker 0:  Right, right.
Speaker 1:  Um, so, um, sometimes it's, like, you ask them a question and it's not the best response and then after that I would put the AI because that's where I would turn to. Um, or maybe I would put, like, actually before that I would probably put, like, my own, like, work as in I would, like, do some, like, readings maybe, like, a textbook. If I really didn't understand a lecture, for example, I'll probably turn to the textbook first because I'm, like, it's important to, like, learn the concept and learn everything or digging deeper and then maybe digging up. By digging deeper and doing questions and realizing I'm a bit stuck, um, I might turn to AI, I think. Um, and they said, like, Google and stuff. I would say Google is interspersed in that middle range of doing my own thinking and research.
Speaker 0:  Mm-hmm. Um, so, um, you know, uh, has the sort of availability of AI, uh, affected your, um, or influenced your, Um, preference in any way to seek help from tutors. I know, you know, it's, it's still super, um, uh, important that you get those, uh, face-to-face support, but, um, has there been time where you're like, oh, um, I could ask a tutor, but, uh, you know, I'll just do, uh, AI for this one thing. Has that availability influenced your choice at all?
Speaker 1:  Um, I know, like, last semester I had a physics tutor. I think there was only, like, one physics tutor for the subject, but, um, Or, like, two. But his consultation time was when I had a class that I had to go to. So then I was kind of unable to attend any of the tutors, uh, the, the consultations. Um, so, in that case, I would have, like, I think I, like, asked some, like, people that I also, like, study, like, friends and stuff about, like, how to, like, what does this mean? And I asked them about it. But then more specific things when I was doing it, rather, not in group study, but at home, I think, um, for little things, I did ask AI. Or I read the textbook because I was, like, I'm a bit confused. Let me just understand everything first. Yeah.
Speaker 0:  Um, and then, you know, to, on the other flip side, um, are there times where you would deliberately avoid using AI? So, you know, it's like a no-go where, um, in for these situations, AI wouldn't, uh, for some reason not be sufficient for my needs or that, uh, it's something to avoid. Are there, uh, those sort of, um, very strong reaction to a specific task or specific, uh, specific scenarios?
Speaker 1:  I think assessments, I don't use AI. I think that's the main thing. Like, um, if anything's, like, assessed, even if it's, like, a assignment with, like, that's worth, like, 2% or something, I'm, like, I should have, like, have learned enough, or, like, I should have enough resources available to me, such that I don't need AI for this, and then I try not to use it at all. Um, so, I would say that's the main thing that I try not to use, because, you know, that'd be bad. Wouldn't want to do that.
Speaker 0:  Um, yeah. I don't, I don't know. You'd be, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say you'd be surprised, but there, there will be quite a handful of people who would disagree with you on that.
Speaker 1:  Um, yeah, but I don't know. I feel like, I feel like you have to, like, learn not to not use AI and use your own brain. And if you can't even use your brain for, like, like, the assess, like, the assessment is to see, demonstrate that you've, like, learned something. Um, if you're just using AI for it, it's like, what is, why did you take the subject? What did you learn?
Speaker 0:  I do have a question for you at the end that's completely unrelated and you can refuse to answer, but, uh, we'll get there soon. Um, so this, this, you know, choice of not using it for assessment, do walk me through that. Is it, uh, is it, uh, sort of a person or a preference thing or is it out of, um, you know, like academic integrities? Uh, do, do let me know, you know, your sort of thinking a little bit more on as to why you would avoid AI and these sort of assessments or.
Speaker 1:  I would say, like, partially, like, active integrity, partially because they really drill it into you to not tend to use AI. Um, let's see. I was going to say something and I forgot.

Speaker 1:  Oh, yeah, AI, I'm also worried that it'll give me something wrong. That's the other thing. If it gives me something wrong and then I don't pick up on it, that would be also bad. So, um. I don't know. I'm happy to, like, devote a bit more of my own time to doing a bit of, like, thinking and a bit of, like, reading on my own or whatever for assessments. Um, because, I don't know, there's, I was, I've used it to, like, help me understand stuff. So, in theory, for the assessment, I should be able to use my brain. I don't know.
Speaker 0:  Okay. Um, so, you know, well, I'm just going to wrap it up a bit here and, um, you know, it's, it's worth mentioning that the university still has a push for, um, You know, AI tutors and this technology to sort of expand their scopes of, um, of teaching. Um, so, um, just sort of from your, like, experience and your, uh, preference, uh, you know, where would you say AI would falter most at meeting, you know, your learning needs? Where, where this AI sort of is within, you know, as we come to GPT-5 or whatever would still be insufficient at, um, addressing your, um, you know, your requirements as you go through the courses.

Speaker 1:  Like, insufficient compared to, like, just tutors. I guess, like, they lack the, the, the fact that a tutor is, like, a person that can, like, help you. And it's, like, um, I don't know, I had a really great tutor who was, like, at the, my first semester, who was, like, learning everyone's names, and it was, like, made it feel, like, really nice to be in a tutorial and to learn, like, via, like, a real person.
Speaker 0:  Mm-hmm.
Speaker 1:  Um, so, I would say AI definitely misses that component, but I guess it makes it up for convenience. Um, what else does it lack? I guess if there's, I guess AI is getting pretty intelligent, but if there's still, like, faulty information, or, like, it generates something and it's just slightly wrong, that would also be, like, a bit of a... issue, but I don't know. Yeah.
Speaker 0:  And so these, you know, the previous question is sort of leading up to, like, if you would have a perfect AI tutors for your, uh, science degree or, uh, COM 10001, uh, you know, what would that sort of look like? Um, what, how would that be different from, uh, a regular chatbot or co-pilot, uh, for example, uh, if you get to, you know, magically spin up. The perfect AI tools for learning. What, what, what does that sort of, you know?
Speaker 1:  If, so, in my head, I'm picturing, like, it's, like, a personalized one for each person. That's just in my head. Um, which makes me think that maybe if, like, even shooters are, like, AI and, like, digital, people probably wouldn't even, wouldn't rock up to tutorials anymore. And I feel like lots of people already don't rock up to lectures. Um, so, maybe it'll look like. declining attendance at tutorials, but it might look like more personalized support and, like, more of, like, you know, um, if you'd, like, talk one-on-one with it, maybe it gets a bit to know about, like, how you learn and, like, it talks to you within the way that helps you. Um, so maybe more personalized, but again, maybe less people will be on campus and prefer to do stuff at home.
Speaker 0:  Um. Give me a bit more insights on the, you know, personalizations. I know that, you know, like, ChatGPT, for example, has the memory, um, uh, components to it. Basically just captures, like, a snippets of your past chat histories and be able to, like, refer back to it in your, uh, newer chats. Um, you know, uh, what would personalized mean in the perfect world for each student?

Speaker 1:  I mean, I think, first of all, you definitely address all the students by name. You'd probably ask them about, like, just a little bit of, like, try to form some sort of, like, emotional connection. For example, asking about, like, how your day is, and then getting into, like, um, more of the, like, learning stuff. And then maybe, like, because it's, like, tutorial, but, like, week per week, or maybe, like, twice a week or something, maybe it's, like, a little section at the start to, like, check in on, have you, um, like, You struggled with this thing last time. Um, how are you feeling about this now? Um, yeah, I think it's just a lot of, like, one-on-one attention and, like, knowing, uh, being able to, like, um, consolidate a lot of the stuff from, like, that you might not have known and then make it really sequential for each student because maybe each person learns at a different pace.
Speaker 0:  So, um, that's about it for us. Um, just for your final thoughts, you know, um, um, If you feel like there's anything else that we haven't gone through, or if you feel like if there's anything important about your AI usage that, uh, that we haven't sort of addressed yet, uh, do let me know, uh, if you have any final thoughts.
Speaker 1:  Not really. I think this is interesting to know that the uni is thinking of AI tutors, though. I don't know if I think it's the best idea, but I think it's interesting.
Speaker 0:  Uh, yeah, I don't know. Um, me neither at this point, but there's like 20 different teams working on that, like. Oh, uh, before I forget, have you heard of Spark AI, the university's, um, like, central AI system? Uh, you might be introduced to it as AILA, assist, uh, AI learning assistance? No?
Speaker 1:  How do you spell AILA?
Speaker 0:  Like, A-I-L-A?
Speaker 1:  No, I don't know.
Speaker 0:  Okay, cool. Uh, perfect. So, uh, that's about wraps it up. Um, I'd like to iterate that all the data will be anonymized. Uh, if you have any questions, uh, do let me know, uh, at any point, if you wish to withdraw your data or, you know, uh, uh, have your data not published in any way, uh, I'm just one email away from that to happen. Uh, and again, I thank you very much for your time. Um, going back to that last question, though, um, I have this, um, somewhat justified, uh, bias that, you know, better students tend to use it in one ways and, um, you know, students who don't, perhaps aren't as passionate about their degrees, uh, tend to default AI in a different way. Um, so, uh, am I safe in assuming that you're within the H1 category sort of students?
Speaker 1:  Yes, I would say so, yes.
Speaker 0:  Okay, uh, that's good to know, yeah. Because, um, I mean, uh, I've interviewed a couple and that's sort of a pattern that comes up. Um, it's sort of an unfortunate thing in the data where they keep popping up the same way, but, um, perhaps that's one of the university's goal to sort of, you know, encourage more responsible use for the people that aren't sort of in your category. So, you know, a bit, a bit, uh, further down, like H3 or so to sort of use AI in a more productive manner. So.
Speaker 1:  That makes sense. Very interesting.
Speaker 0:  Awesome. Uh, again, thank you so much. And, um, thank you. There is a bit of a problem with the, uh, uh, corporate gift card issue. So, if you are in the lecture today, I might pop up and, you know, uh, either talk about that or give you a, uh, physical gift card. So, uh.
Speaker 1:  There's no rush. I don't really mind. Um, yeah. Whatever you can.
Speaker 0:  Okay. Thank you so much.
Speaker 1:  Thank you so much.
Speaker 0:  Bye.
