Speaker 0:  the audio and the second part of the consent will be that the data will be stored for this research and will be destroyed after five years.
Speaker 1:  Mhm.
Speaker 0:  and the second one is that it will be uh used in uh research in this area, related area, uh and that um you know, the results could be published and everything like that. If that's okay with you, then uh we can proceed. If not, do let me know.
Speaker 1:  Yeah, it's good.
Speaker 0:  Okay, awesome. Um, yeah, with that, uh, I do just want to thank you for your time. Uh, really it's it's uh quite valuable for for some of the things that we're doing here. So, uh, I like to give like a background. It's not really necessary, but I like to inform, you know, some people who do take your time to come in to us like what's in it for us as the university and what this study is about. So, um, my team and I, um, we decided to run like an AI tutor for another subject, so Com 9059, um, which is like this but for the graduate level. Um, and we were building an AI tutor that doesn't give answer right away and that we wanted to see how students would use it and understand if usage of that AI tutor would increase their exam scores or hurt their exam scores. Um, but we kind of find that they didn't really like to use that, like we only had like 10 signups and they would only ask a question like, "Hey, could you give me the answer to this like exercise?" And if the AI tutor wouldn't, then I would presume that they would just go off to ChatGPT or something like that. Um, that's what we suspect. And so there's about like 20 other universities team here, uh, within like Melbourne Uni alone who does like AI tutors and everything. And um Not a lot of those are getting traction and so, uh, we thought, well, instead of trying to assume what, you know, what people would like to use, we'll flip that on its head and then say like, hey, if, you know, someone like yourself who's, uh, you know, genuinely interested in sharing their perspective, see what they're actually interested in using, how they're actually using AI in their studies and maybe somehow the university could build a tool that, you know, get better traction down the line.
Speaker 1:  Yeah
Speaker 0:  uh so they have a couple of them. Have you heard of Spark AI at all?
Speaker 1:  No. Name sounds familiar, but I don't know.
Speaker 0:  Oh, that's awesome. at least it's at least it's something I have asked like 15 people and they don't really know what it is. Yeah, that's a university initiative. Have you heard of Aila? Uh AI Learning Assistant?
Speaker 1:  in
Speaker 0:  Okay. See you.
Speaker 1:  Yeah.
Speaker 0:  This is exactly what I was talking about. Yeah. So, yeah, stuff like that and it's not really working, so uh this is why this study comes to the thing. So for this um you know whole morning we just want to see from your experience how do you use it? Really, there's no wrong answer. And you know, this data will not be used in any way for like, you know, academic integrity. So whatever you say stays with us. Like, you know, it's it's free reign. And if you don't like any of the questions and you want me to skip or or you just refuse to answer, I'm more than happy to accommodate for that.
Speaker 1:  Okay.
Speaker 0:  Awesome. So, with that, uh we'll start with a bit of a uh warm-up questions just uh you know uh get to know you as uh an individual. So, uh could you tell me if you're an undergraduate or a postgraduate student?
Speaker 1:  undergraduate
Speaker 0:  undergraduate and uh what year study are you currently in?
Speaker 1:  uh currently two like this year.
Speaker 0:  second year
Speaker 1:  Yeah
Speaker 0:  Uh, are you from uh computer science or software engineering or
Speaker 1:  No, I'm doing computer science as like a breadth.
Speaker 0:  as a breath
Speaker 1:  Yeah.
Speaker 0:  uh, so what's your main
Speaker 1:  Oh, more an elective, sorry.
Speaker 0:  More in electives, yeah? Yeah. Uh, what's your main uh degree?
Speaker 1:  a Bachelor of Science is biochem sort of down there.
Speaker 0:  I've had a couple from like biomedicine and stuff like that too, so. That's this is a popular subject within the bio
Speaker 1:  Uh, I guess like people people keep telling us we need like some sort of coding...
Speaker 0:  Uh, do you have a previous experience with computing?
Speaker 1:  None
Speaker 0:  So this would be your first
Speaker 1:  nothing Yeah, so I just saw this was like introductory.
Speaker 0:  Um, did you have personal interests in it before taking the subject?
Speaker 1:  No, I know. I just never like actually did any of this, so I didn't know if I had any interest or not.
Speaker 0:  Right, so it's this is like a first time checking it out.
Speaker 1:  first time everything
Speaker 0:  Um. Would you so if if you're familiar at all with like programming concepts and stuff, uh, how difficult would you say that is? Like, you know, just naturally sort of uh checking out the content and everything, how easy would you say programming is to to sort of grasp for you?
Speaker 1:  I mean, I think Python um is like the basics of it is easy, but I think it is like something you need to a language you need to get used to. I guess I like sometimes struggle on things that maybe I'm not like for the first time I see something, it's like I have no idea what this is. But I guess as it's going, it's not as hard as I expected.
Speaker 0:  Oh, that's that's always lovely to hear. Um, would you say English is your first language? And do you speak any other language besides English?
Speaker 1:  Yeah, Mandarin at home.

Speaker 0:  Um, as you're going through the contents of like, let's say, the lecture or the tutorial, uh, is it mainly English? Uh, do you translate that uh into Mandarin sometimes to study?
Speaker 1:  Um, no.
Speaker 0:  It's mainly English.
Speaker 1:  Yep.
Speaker 0:  Awesome. And um walk me through a bit of like your sort of general AI usage, um you know, uh which sort of these either chatbots or tools do you usually uh default to? So, you know, ChatGPT, uh Copilot, and uh it can even extend to things like Grammarly or like AI in Microsoft Word. Uh do let me know what is your like general um AI tools that is your preference.
Speaker 1:  I I'm just kind of basic. I I only really use ChatGPT 'cause um like it's mainly for school stuff. I don't like, for example, when I'm doing like a practice question that I'm just completely stuck on. You know, like I might put it into Google. Sometimes the Google AI like has that thing that just does it for you automatically. if you know, I'm still confused and I don't like the answer, I just go to ChatGPT. But I mean, that's pretty much all I use. I don't really use AI that much.
Speaker 0:  Cool. I'm I'm the same way. Um, how often though would you say that you use that? So you mentioned, you know, as part of your studies if you need to check it up. How often do you incorporate that, would you say, uh, as part of your um typical week of study?
Speaker 1:  It depends on like how hard the thing is I'm studying. Like, I guess with computer science, um, there are some questions that I'm just like, I look at them and I'm like, what is this? So I just, I I don't even know where to begin, so I just put the whole thing in ChatGPT. Um, 'cause I think at least ChatGPT kind of gives you some explanation of what it does.

Speaker 0:  sort of like a starting point
Speaker 1:  But I mean, I still think for a for coding, it's like still a little, I don't know, like it doesn't go through everything in detail. Like you get like the overview, but like still like small details. it's, you know, you're not really sure why this thing is added in this this um yeah, I guess like for ChatGPT is like more general, but if there was like an AI um coding tool that went like more into detail, I think I would consider using it.

Speaker 0:  Um, yeah, so that sort of sets us up for like the main area of discussion for today. And you know, um, you do mention uh a couple of times that um with programming that's uh the studying new topics would be uh one usage of the thing, but I I am curious as to like what would you, you know, classify as like the uh kind of task that you would use AI the most for? So as you're going through your programming studies, um what would you say, you know, you find yourself seeking AI assistance uh very frequently on?
Speaker 1:  So like the ed in the ed worksheets you have are like practice questions.

Speaker 1:  So it's mainly like just asking how how you would tackle those practice questions because sometimes I look at like the explanations and I don't really exactly understand how to apply it to the question.

Speaker 0:  Walk me through that process a bit if you don't mind. So let's say if there's a question on ed, how how is that sort of how does that typically go? So, um yeah, walk me through how you sort of use AI to solve an ed question.
Speaker 1:  I mean, I like really like try that question like on my own, but if I actually can't do it, I just chuck the whole thing in the AI. Um and then yeah, I just sort of read like what it goes through and does. Sometimes the AI answer also isn't like exactly...

Speaker 1:  So like, I mean, I guess it's just like looking through the AI answer and like recognizing what I know from, you know, what I've read earlier and just like sort of figuring out like, you know, when you see an answer and you sort of go backwards to figure out how you got that answer. Like, I feel like I like to learn from that as well. Like, even uh not, you know, computer science related stuff, sometimes I just go to the answers and look at the solution and like figure out like from backwards how to do that question. If like I'm really struggling. So I think that's more so how I use it to tackle those sort of questions.
Speaker 0:  Um, do you sort of usually verify the answer before you uh you sort of accept the outputs? And you know, like if so, let's say uh as part of like an ed uh questions, how do you sort of make sure that the answer that it gives is correct in like the scoring sense?
Speaker 1:  If I like, if I just put it in and then I press the submit button, it'll like, it has these like sort of detailed um like criteria, like the output that you got versus the output that you um expect and sometimes you look at that and you can sort of see like maybe which part exactly in it is wrong. Also like if a type error comes out, like it does tell you. So I think it's just more like trial and error.
Speaker 0:  Gotcha. So, um, put it in, in, uh, you know, get the output, sort of submit it to see if it matches the description. If not, we go back to sort of that process. Understood. Um, have you coded without AI assistance before? I know that um these days it's very available, but I just want to know like from your experience, uh let's say if uh for some kind of scenarios it's not available or um that day you don't want to use it, have you done uh coding without AI?
Speaker 1:  Yeah, well I mean, I don't use it for every question. Like there's questions that I know how to do or think I know how to do, I just put it in. And yeah, I mean, it's it's just like some really hard questions. But honestly, like so far, it's it's been alright. Like I haven't used it for that much.
Speaker 0:  Okay. Um, and you know, as you're going through the uh coding steps, let's say without AI and uh those with AI, uh what would you say like the major advantage that AI gives over uh, you know, your traditional ways of coding for example? Um, and the sort of uh things that I want to know is like what really like the core value that AI gives to you over these other uh available methods?
Speaker 1:  I mean, I think, I think especially when you're like really, I think the most value is in like the explanation like just giving you the code is like you don't really like you might not be able to go backwards and figure out how exactly every part of this code leads to an output. But I think it's just you see once you read a code and you go through and read it, you sort of in your brain you try and figure out how each each line of code leads to another out and all the steps in this code. and if you know an AI has the AI can explain certain parts and it can explain like even just certain what each code does. So like that's sort of the value, like when you do it yourself, obviously it's like you already know what what to do because you've understood the explanations, but maybe the explanations that Ed Worksheet provides aren't, you know, enough. So I think it's just mostly like a more like more of a teaching than just giving you the answer. Yeah. But sometimes like if I try to do it myself, it's more like I sometimes I'm like not even sure if I get the answer right. I'm just like guessing and then I happen to get it right. And it's like, yeah, I like I got this one right, but maybe I'm not I wouldn't be so sure if I would get every sort of question like this right.
Speaker 0:  Do you then use AI to verify your answer?
Speaker 1:  Um, if if I'm bothered to.
Speaker 0:  Okay. Got it. Um, so, you know, there are some times where you would use it, sometimes you wouldn't. um that's well established. Um let's say if we were to quantify all the usage, how much would you say you rely on AI as part of your studies? Um you know, would you be able to accomplish some of these tasks if AI disappears, there's no uh there's no AI assistance?
Speaker 1:  Oof. Um, I think I think there was like only one part that I really got stuck on which was like functions. Actually, dictionary part was also like a little confusing, but I think those were like connected sort of in a way. So, I think that was just if if I were to give you like a percentage, I would say like 40 percent. I'm not sure, maybe like as the worksheets go on, they get harder. So it might it might go up, but for now it's like, yeah, I'd say less than half. I wouldn't say like fifty.
Speaker 0:  Yeah.
Speaker 1:  but I still try to do it myself. But AI helps a lot.

Speaker 0:  Um, you know, in terms of that help then, um, my my next sort of uh questions would be, um, if you were to remove AI like from the picture, so let's say AI disappears tomorrow, um, would you see the quality of your studies uh be impacted? Uh, and if so, you know, what would you say um would change? Uh, would it be the confidence in the material? Would it be the depth of understanding? Um, walk me through that, you know, in in a world where AI doesn't exist.
Speaker 1:  I think definitely if I, um, if I'm doing something and I'm really stuck, I obviously AI is just right in front of you, um, right at your fingertips. But I guess other than that, like help would be a lot harder without AI. You know, you'd either have to ask a tutor and then the tutor, you know, probably won't respond, it definitely won't respond immediately. And also I feel like AI just sometimes gives more in-depth answers to questions than tutors. Um, like, you know, I know you can't expect the tutor to like be by you going through every step with you. So I feel like, um, AI is almost like a personal tutor. So like taking that away would definitely, um, make studying a bit, definitely a bit harder and the process a lot longer. Um, but I think like maybe it would it would motivate me more to like go to sort of try to problem solve it myself.

Speaker 1:  um rather than like just immediately thinking of asking for help. I don't know if that would work in certain situations where you just can't find the answer. But I mean maybe it would give me that motivation. But yeah. I guess it would yeah, AI does save my studying a lot these days. Yeah.
Speaker 0:  I'm curious as to if it has also like changed your perspective and your approach of a question. So, you know, we've discussed a bit earlier how, let's say, if there's a problem and then you would feed it into AI and then you rightfully sort of go through the code to understand what it does, sort of thing. Um, without AI, do you also continue on that um process or do you tend to code uh by yourself first and then check the answer? Does does AI sort of change your uh way of programming?
Speaker 1:  Um, I don't necessarily think it changes my way of programming like I still sort of have to go, you know, from top down, write the whole code. Um, but I I guess I try to think about the overall output but without like without seeing the final answer that an AI would give you, it's sort of hard to have that sort of processing of like imagining, you know, how the whole code would be. So I I I wouldn't say it changes my the way I program, but I guess it does change the way I um sort of approach a question

Speaker 1:  I guess I wouldn't if if I didn't have AI, I would probably approach a question in a lot more like, how do I say it? And like, I would just kind of maybe it would I would think different instead of going from, you know, like end to start, I would go from start to end.
Speaker 0:  Okay.
Speaker 1:  Yeah. Um.
Speaker 0:  Um Yeah, we we've touched a bit on this as well and uh I want to know a bit more about where it's been most useful. So, you know, AI has definitely helped with the depth of understanding as you've, you know, mentioned where you can just continuously ask it questions and uh and it will be able to drill down into the topic a bit more. Um, but uh, you know, would you classify that as the uh most beneficial uh use of AI? And you know, you you're more than welcome to add on to it. But I do want to know, you know, if uh there's a time where you can think of where you would say that AI has been most helpful for you uh in your studies.
Speaker 1:  Um, honestly the way I use AI is probably like the most beneficial for me. As I said, I probably don't use it much for other things other than like helping me answer difficult questions. That's like the only way I really use it. So it is beneficial for me because for me it just acts like a sort of a private tutor in that way. Like a free private tutor. Um, but yeah, I mean, it apart from that benefit, I guess that's that's the only benefit I provide myself 'cause that's the only benefit I really use it for.
Speaker 0:  Gotcha.
Speaker 1:  Yeah.
Speaker 0:  Um, so on the topic of tutors again, I want to know, um, you know, the sort of preference of AI over the traditional supports, let's say tutors or peers or classroom, uh classmates. Um, are there times where you would prefer AI assistance over the help of, let's say, uh tutors or subject coordinators or lecturers?
Speaker 1:  Yeah, I mean, if I was like in person in the tutoring room, I mean, obviously I would ask the tutor first 'cause, you know, like face to face with like in person is like you get to ask them a lot more questions and it's instantaneous.

Speaker 1:  and you know, it's it's a lot better. It probably like in person is better than AI, I guess, 'cause it's more personal, but like 'cause I can't be with the tutor 24/7. And probably the only time you really get to see them in person is in your um uh tutoring, what's it called? In your tutorials. And so I I think overall I would prefer AI 'cause it's just faster and it answers every question in sort of a detail that I think some tutors don't immediately go to.

Speaker 1:  like if you ask it a simple question, it'll immediately come up with like a lot of information that you won't have to then later ask further questions for.

Speaker 0:  And so, uh, let's say if there's a ladder of like preferences, right, where there's all the available supports, let's uh and we'll throw in like Google and um online resources, lecture notes, you know, uh tutors and uh peers and stuff like that. Uh where would you place um AI on that ranking of your, you know, just general preference of help-seeking?
Speaker 1:  I think honestly, even if I said like in person, I I do prefer, I think I would still put AI first.

Speaker 1:  I'm like, maybe that's just me. Like, I sometimes I get a little nervous asking the tutors, you know, and there's that sort of pressure that you don't really have with AI. And you know, AI like most of the time it still gives you the right answer. Mhm. So, I feel like AI is just probably the biggest thing. I think Google AI would be below ChatGPT 'cause it's wrong a lot more times than ChatGPT. I feel like like just looking at the explanation it's sort of off. It's a lot, it doesn't have as much explanation as ChatGPT.

Speaker 1:  Um, actually, then I would put, um, there was there was a thing I think they recommended on Edworks, it was like a Python tutor thing where you put in the code and it shows you how the code is executed.

Speaker 1:  But I feel like it doesn't work because like when I try to put in codes, especially like functions and stuff, it just it gets stuck on the first function and just doesn't go, even if that like answer was correct. So like I I really wish like Python tutor would be a lot better because I really like the way it actually shows you how the computer executes each code because it does tell you a lot like how you want to write. I think I learn a lot, I would learn a lot from something like that. It's just a shame that it's such a bad like website and it just doesn't work for a lot of cards. But yeah.
Speaker 0:  has the availability of AI, would you say change your uh, you know, change this help-seeking behaviors of yours? So, you know, um certainly there's uh mentions in literature, right, where there's like, oh, AI is uh replacing tutors, uh they're they're making students ask them less. But I'm I'm wondering if that's true. If like, you know, without AI, would you seek help from a tutor and that with AI you tend to seek help less or is it just, you know, um it would have happened either way with AI, you just learn uh you you get to ask that concept more. so, you know, walk me through that. Has has it has it changed at all the way you seek help?
Speaker 1:  I think for me definitely like 'cause if I was like really stuck, like for AI you sort of can ask it every little thing, like how do I do this, how do I do this. Well with tutors you can't really do that. Well, I mean you can, but they the likelihood that they'll answer you immediately and with a lot of detail is obviously nowhere near AI. Um so I think it definitely has sort of stopped me from maybe going even going to like, um, you know, Ed and just like typing in a little question. I think it's like when I can just solve it with AI. Like I have asked like questions on Ed, um but it's more so like stuff that I think AI can't or hasn't really answered and I just need to clarify on. Like if I didn't have AI, I'd definitely be asking a lot more. Um, so Yeah, it definitely has for me it definitely has impacted. I know like some people that just ask anyway. I think it just depends on the person. I guess I'm a lot more introverted, so I a lot more prefer something like AI.
Speaker 0:  Gotcha. Yep. Um, on the flip side of the coin, are there tasks or uh, you know, situations where you would deliberately avoid using AI? Uh, you know, sort of like a no-go zone for you? Um, are there are there those kind of scenarios for you?
Speaker 1:  Mmm, I haven't had any of those yet. Like, I guess since I only use AI for like sort of such a minimal thing, like answering questions, there's not much I you could technically say like everything else part of. Obviously, I can't like plagiarize AI, I can't, you know, ask it to like directly provide me answers for assignments and stuff. Um, I think, uh, yeah, that's like the actual like no-go zone. But I I don't really, I think maybe sometimes I actually don't have as much restraint with using AI 'cause like when I look at a question, like I look at it for like maybe like 30 seconds, I'm like, oh, I definitely can't do this. So I just put in AI. Whereas if I didn't have AI, maybe I would actually take a lot more time to like actually go into more detail, read through it, maybe even go back to the explanation, just take a lot more time with the question. maybe sort of try to figure it out on my own. So, I think AI has caused me to just just be a bit reliant on it instead of relying on sort of myself. I guess that's something I sort of have to try and avoid a bit more, be a little bit careful with.
Speaker 0:  Would you say that that has affected the sort of, um, you know, your quality of understanding of the material or is it just that it's quicker to learn that way? And there's no really material difference between how you understand the concept of like doing it the quicker way versus like engaging in the material?
Speaker 1:  I mean Maybe I I if to truly know that, I'd have to do like comparison between a test score with me using no AI and a test score with me using AI. But I think maybe if 'cause I know like our brains we learn a lot more when we actually try. Like we make those connections a lot more when we work a lot harder. So maybe with AI, if I don't have to work as hard, I it might it may not be instilled in my brain as much as if I tried. Um, I I think I I don't really know like uh I part of me thinks that you know with definitely not trying to depend on myself instead of AI as much would make me you know a lot more better at programming but also like sometimes you're just stuck.
Speaker 1:  you don't you don't want to be stuck for like 15, 30 minutes. Exactly. And to finally wait for like a, you know, a light bulb. So, you know, you just go to AI.
Speaker 0:  Are you confident uh in you know your sort of uh learning though with AI? So, you know, um obviously it has uh improved the pace of learning, um but um are you confident in the uh in your understandings of the material? learning in in AI in this manner, you feel that, you know, you sufficiently get a grasp of the concept?
Speaker 1:  I feel like I feel like that confidence of whether I grasp a concept is sort of, I think AI gives me more confidence that I grasp the concept. Uh, 'cause 'cause it obviously helps me with the question. I can't really, I don't, I can't really say whether I would have more confidence if I didn't use AI. I'm probably like, I think sometimes with AI, even if you look at all the explanations and you see, you're sort of not as confident 'cause you technically didn't write it all yourself. So I guess the confidence doesn't really come from like whether I understand the thing or not, it's more affects my confidence how whether even if I understand it, like if I would be able to apply this understanding myself when it comes to answering questions.
Speaker 0:  Got you. Yep. Um, so as we sort of wrap up here, we'll go back to that, you know, um certain failures in uh past AI uh tutors and stuff like that. And I do want to know, so with, you know, like ChatGPT and all these other tools, um are there areas where you feel like they're still insufficient in, you know, as a learning tool?
Speaker 1:  Yeah, I feel like ChatGPT obviously gets something wrong sometimes and it sort of pro- it's not, I mean, specific to coding. So it approaches sort of coding, explains it in sort of just a um way like AI would explain like how to make cookies. Like it's just it's sort of just words that sort of writes. I feel like as I said, like I really like the format of Python Tutor where it shows you like how the code is executed and I think I would for if for an AI tool for coding, I would really like something like that because I think it really helps. It's it's different from ChatGPT and other AIs. Um and it just helps a lot more in visualizing like how each step is needed. And it goes from like cons- it goes from top to bottom order. So like it definitely helps a lot more with like me answering the question because with AI like I see the um answer and and and I sort of have to go backwards from the answer. But with the Python tutor, you can just look at how it executes each um each code from top to bottom. And it definitely helps when writing because like I I I'd also have to write the code from top to bottom. So I feel like maybe like a lot of AI tools like they don't really differentiate themselves from like big ones like ChatGPT as much. So students would just wouldn't like they wouldn't sign up if it's not that different. Personally for me, if it was like kind of different and it also worked really well, the problem with Python shooters is it doesn't work very well. Um, I think I would definitely use something like that.
Speaker 0:  Um, so, you know, let's say you're on the board of uh development which uni definitely has. Um, uh, and let's say we've designed the perfect uh AI system, an AI tool for uh Com 10001, right? Uh, it doesn't have to be an AI tutor at all. Um, uh, it's just have to be that it's some way in somehow supports a student's learning. Uh, uh, what would the perfect AI tutor look like? So, you know, I I know that uh you have a preference for Python tutor, uh but let's say if we were to sort of emulate some of that, what would be like the in the ideal world, what would be like a perfect AI system that the university could build?
Speaker 1:  I think maybe like a mix, like have the Python tutor like general consensus. Like I can give it a question and it'll give me code and it'll show me how that code runs runs and how, you know, how the output changes with each line of code, but also contain like a written explanation as well. Um 'cause I feel like just like mix the sort of written components of ChatGPT and their stuff with just the demonstration of how the code actually runs Um, I at the end of the day I feel like for an AI coding um tool, I would just want to actually have, you know, be able to access, you know, not only a more in-depth explanation, but also see how the code like runs out. Like because when you see just put it on the Ed worksheet and see the output, you only see the last output.
Speaker 1:  you don't really see like how each individual code contributes to that and I think seeing that would be a lot more helpful.
Speaker 0:  is it is it sort of fair to say that you know like these chatbots like ChatGPT or uh previous attempts are the explanations are a little bit too abstract like
Speaker 1:  Yeah
Speaker 0:  and that the sort of the uh the answers are given first and then you have to do the work of like, you know, uh extrapolate how that sort of uh answer comes about and uh, you know, you would like to see more of like that natural top-down approach where there's a problem, it breaks it down. Yeah, lovely. that that sounds amazing Uh, yeah, perfect. And uh you know, with that we sort of uh come to uh the final end of this interview and um you know, from your uh sort of perspective, are there areas of uh AI and learning that uh we haven't covered here? Some things you would like to share? Um that you think might be relevant for this kind of study?
Speaker 1:  Mmm, I think I think we've gone like pretty in detail as far as I can think of.
Speaker 0:  uh, then with that, uh, you know, again, I thank you so, so much for taking your time for this. Uh, your data will definitely be anonymized. Um, and that, uh, if you want to withdraw your information or, you know, um, leave it out of any publication or future research, uh, I'm just one email away. Uh, do let me know and I'll accommodate to whatever demand you want. Um, so, uh, yeah, if you're interested in how this study progresses and the outputs, uh, I'm more than happy to sort of keep you in the loop.
Speaker 1:  Mhm.
Speaker 0:  So, uh, um, uh, that's about it. And again, uh, thank you so much.
Speaker 1:  Okay, thank you.
