Speaker 0:  Perfect. Um, okay, so just a couple of sort of admin work. Uh, Have you read the consent form on on the thing? Um, so there's just a couple of things on there, mainly around the recording. Uh, and uh the privacy concerns, uh that the data will remain in the uni systems for about five years, and that the results could be used for this research and similar research in the area. Have you consented to that? And we're happy to continue. Um, and really, you know, like, I I'd just like to say thank you so much for being here, uh taking your time out of your busy day for it. Um, it's not necessary, but I do like to give uh people like a background of why we're doing this study. So, like a team and I, uh like the research team and there's like a grant people working on like a couple of AI tutors. Um, there's about like 20 of them, like 20 different teams doing different stuff. Um, but a lot of the implementations didn't really work. Like the uptake from students weren't all that good. And um, I guess a lot of those was because the subject coordinators or the like, you know, developers at the uni assumes what student wants, and then they just sort of build a system and that kind of falls through at the end. So, um, you know, our our team are going like, well, if that's the case, then perhaps we might start from the bottom up where we actually ask genuine people what they would like to see, how they're using AI as part of their studies. And that could then maybe one day help inform a more productive development of a tool that students might actually want to use in the future. So, you know, uh it's all about your experience today. There's really no right or wrong answer, and your data will only be used for this study. It won't be shared for academic integrity or anything like that. And uh, you know, uh, with all that out of the way, uh with your consent, uh we'll begin some of the more warm-up questions. Um, could you tell me if you're an undergraduate or postgraduate? Undergraduate. Uh, Science. Faculty of Science. Uh, and which uh year are you in for this one?
Speaker 1:  I think um let's say I'm in the first year and the uh last half year.
Speaker 0:  So the second half of the first year. And in science is the major computing in neuroscience. I didn't know they have neuroscience.
Speaker 1:  Um, they do have. But I still need to learn a lot about computer science, psych- uh psychology, all those kind of things.
Speaker 0:  All right, okay. Um, do you have prior experience with computing before?
Speaker 1:  I just um attended some classes, but I don't think that is very professional. But I do find it easier to get along with computer because of those classes.
Speaker 0:  So, like, you would say programming concepts and stuff wouldn't be too difficult for you to understand? Lovely. Um, would you say English is your primary language? Chinese?
Speaker 0:  And as you're going through like let's let's say uh subject materials or lectures, uh do you usually do so in English or do you translate it uh into uh Mandarin?
Speaker 1:  I'll do in English.
Speaker 0:  In English, mainly. Awesome. Um, what about the sort of tool of AI that you use? So, um, I'll ask ChatGPT.
Speaker 1:  I will talk to it with Chinese, so yeah.
Speaker 0:  Oh, awesome. Okay, so uh what about, you know, DeepSeek or Claude? Just ChatGPT?
Speaker 1:  That works me best, so.
Speaker 0:  Oh, nice.
Speaker 1:  A little bit.
Speaker 0:  Is it because of the memory? Is that uh that's. Um, how often do you say you would use it as part of your study? So I know that that could be like personal interactions, but as you know, you're studying and uh you're going through your uh contents. Uh, does it play a key role in in that?
Speaker 1:  I think very key role. So, um whenever I'm studying, if one day I'm studying, I will definitely use ChatGPT.
Speaker 0:  Okay.
Speaker 1:  You can say once per day because I'm studying, but when I'm not studying, maybe like three days per time.
Speaker 0:  Right. Okay. So it definitely forms like a very big part of the study, you'd say, much less the personal stuff.
Speaker 1:  Like when I was just learning about coding an hour ago, I used ChatGPT.
Speaker 0:  Okay. Awesome. Um, so you mentioned some of the subjects you were taking before this one, uh some uh prior experience in programming. Are those subjects that you take online or are they uh academics in some way? Uh what are what are those courses?
Speaker 1:  Yeah, just like, you know, you have some hobbies and there's like hobby class for young children.
Speaker 0:  Right, like a community classes like that.
Speaker 1:  You know, it was quite popular in China. Um people like to let their children learn about programming very early.
Speaker 0:  Wow. Um, I'm kind of hoping that where I came from, Cambodia, would start doing something like that. Like I I wish I had that sort of growing up.
Speaker 1:  It's quite useful, but um some people are criticizing it online.
Speaker 0:  Really? Oh. Um, and so, you know, this sort of brings us to the main crux of what we will be discussing today. And I am curious as to, you know, as you're going through you know, your studies or even as programming as a hobby. What kind of task would you say that you usually go to AI for? So would it be, you know, debugging, learning a new concept, those kind of things? Like walk me through what would be like a typical question towards AI?
Speaker 1:  Um, I think the first thing is debugging. Like, I am confused about one concept or I'm confused about something I have learned. I don't know how to use it or I don't know what went wrong. I would ask ChatGPT to help me explain it. And maybe um the second use is to let it um summarize summarize things up. Like, I would like it to summarize some biology or psychology concepts together for me to review.
Speaker 0:  Right. So sort of, if you have multiple disciplines you want to connect the point, is it?
Speaker 1:  Um, no, just for like course, just just for coursework because like when I'm having an exam, maybe I will put all the PDFs that teacher gave me to it and let it summarize it.
Speaker 0:  Got you. Okay. So, uh, you know, going back to the debugging a bit, 'cause that does come up quite a bit in other conversations as well. Could you walk me through like, uh, you know, your sort of usual way of doing it? So let's say if there's a problem that you have to solve, right, whether it comes from tutorials or online, um, how do you go about doing that, uh, with, you know, like a programming task? Do you attempt it first, submit it, it doesn't work, debug it with AI, or uh, does AI come in the beginning? How does that normally look like?
Speaker 1:  Different, different stuff. So I will do it first and then if I have some problem, I will try it on to AI. Um, and I think asking AI comes in two ways. First way is I know what the problem is. For example, we were learning about F-string, but we didn't really get deep into it until like an hour ago. So when I first uh looked at it and I asked ChatGPT, um, what is the best way to write this code? And it will say use F-string. And I will ask, but I I think I did learn about F-string so much, I will know um how to look at it, but I won't know how to use it. Is it okay? and it will say okay and explain something more. And the second type is I have no idea about the question of what it is asking and maybe I got it wrong. I don't know why it is wrong. I would let it explain it and maybe explain the concept behind it.
Speaker 0:  Got you. So in that second scenario, it would just be like a finished code and then you ask the explanations behind that code?
Speaker 1:  Yeah.
Speaker 0:  Gotcha. Okay. Um. Would you say that, you know, you've done these kind of tasks before? So let's say either debugging or understanding code. Have you done these sort of activities without the help of AI or AI assistance?
Speaker 1:  like debugging when I'm doing a worksheet, I will try to do it on myself at first, but if I totally stress out, I don't know what to do, I will ask AI.
Speaker 0:  Got you. Um, and
Speaker 1:  I'll give myself a time, like in three minutes or five minutes, if I can solve it, I will do it by my own, but if I still can't, I'll ask it.
Speaker 0:  And so in that sort of scenario, you know, what would be, what would you say the advantage of AI has over sort of trying to solve it on your own or perhaps consult uh the materials? What would what would you say, you know, the value that AI gives you over the more traditional methods?
Speaker 1:  Um, I think it is very convenient because I I don't really like to ask teacher questions and I kind of feel the stress. And also, um, for a lot of times, I don't think my question is so valuable or taking up the teacher's time. So I would ask AI and because AI is there always for me, so I feel very uh free to ask it.
Speaker 0:  Um, and so then, you know, how much would you say you tend to rely on AI? Like, you know, the sort of level of help that AI gives you. Um, how much of that do you rely on on, you know, the the output that it gives?
Speaker 1:  You mean um like trusting it?
Speaker 0:  Mmm, yeah, trusting it and you know, like putting a lot of values for as AI as a tutor in general.
Speaker 1:  I would say I I really rely on it a lot. Because although I know that sometimes, um for example, ChatGPT might make mistakes for organic chemistry or something like that, but most of the times it gives me the right answer in academic study. So, I would trust it like 99% at first.
Speaker 0:  Gotcha.
Speaker 1:  I even use AI for my like career planning, so I think I do trust them.
Speaker 0:  And how, you know, how then do you verify the one percent that it doesn't
Speaker 1:  Well, maybe like when I submit something and it went wrong, I would say you're wrong. And sometimes like, um, when I was doing a biology like, uh, a a a sample test, like, um, yeah, a sample test worksheet. And I asked ChatGPT to, um, like discuss with me with some questions. And I, it gave me like a couple of answers, and then I found out like one of them doesn't really look good to me. And I thought that we had different answers and I thought I was correct. Then I'll, I will say, can you look at this again? I think the correct answer should be something something. And it still gives me the original answer what it gave me. And I will just um start like start a combat with them.
Speaker 0:  Um, so, you know, as you as you're going through that back and forth with it, um, does it sometimes feel like it's stressful and it's a waste of time when when you have to do that? Because I know sometimes, you know, people would report that, oh, after like 30 minutes, you you ended up finding the bug on your own, right? And it's not even the first thing that it had suggested. Like you just spent this whole, you know, saga of going back and forth. Like, is that a common occurrence as well in your experience?
Speaker 1:  Not really. because ChatGPT doesn't make a lot of mistakes. But I would say maybe in further study because I have tried to use ChatGPT to code for me even when I haven't started learning coding. And it made quite a lot of mistakes. So I had to always tell him what the system said and let them to like correct it for me. Because I can't read any code. So I needed to rely on it totally. And it was quite stressful because I always said, this is wrong, this is wrong, this is wrong. And every time it changed something, the other thing went wrong. So it was quite stressful.
Speaker 0:  Um, I'd like to revisit something about, you know, help-seeking, especially with the tutors. Now you mentioned that, um, you might be reluctant to ask the tutor sometimes. And I'm wondering if, you know, the availability of AI has sort of changed that preference of yours. So, uh, you know, would you say that having AI, uh, changed the way you interact with a tutor, changed the way the the frequency at which you interact with them? Or, you know, even without AI, that wouldn't happen anyway, but with AI, you just now get to ask the questions. How would you sort of describe that?
Speaker 1:  I would say it might change some people's preference but not me because even in like primary school or like um junior high, senior high, I seldom ask teacher questions. I only ask like once a year. So it doesn't really matter if AI exists.
Speaker 0:  And so then would you say that with the now the availability of AI, you know, that then has helped you get those supports a lot more? Hmm. Are there times where you would specifically prefer uh AI over, you know, tutors? So let's say if both were available, are there scenarios where you would prefer going to an AI versus like talking to your peers or your your uh subject coordinators for example?
Speaker 1:  I think only like under some specific contexts, for example, the tutor just explained uh like homework for us and I don't know what the final is or I wanted some more help on the homework, I would ask the tutor. Otherwise, I will ask ChatGPT. Like all the academic questions, I will ask ChatGPT.
Speaker 0:  Hmm So, um, if we were to quantify that, you know, let's say there's a ranking of preference, say there's tutor support, consultations, and there's also, uh, we'll throw in like Google, uh, Stack Overflow, books, and stuff like that. Where would you sort of put AI on that preference ladder? At the top? And, you know, again, I'm I'm sort of curious as to how you would describe your learning experience if AI were to disappear. So let's say tomorrow we wake up and ChatGPT's completely down, right? How would you say the quality of your study would be affected? So would it be the confidence at which you understand the material, the depth, your speed, your pace of learning? You know, how would you say that the absence of AI assistance affect your study?
Speaker 1:  I think um definitely my pace will be um affected because with AI I didn't don't even need to use like Google search. I would just search on AI and ask it. But um I think without AI it'll be much slower for me to find out questions, find out my answer of the questions. And um maybe depth and my understanding, like um because sometimes when me and AI is talking about one concept that I've just learned, I think it really helps me understand it more. and also it like integrates, is that word? Integrates all the understanding together better than what I could do on my own.
Speaker 0:  Mmm So sort of been able to link different concepts together more for you? Yeah.
Speaker 1:  think different things
Speaker 0:  And have you sort of learned or approached programming tasks without AI before? Because I'm, you know, I'm also interested in if that has changed the way you tackled, you know, programming questions in general. You know, for example, so you know, some people would be like, before you would code by yourselves and now you would have AI generate the outputs and then study from the outputs. Or that doesn't really change, they would still check out the answer on like online Stack Overflow and then learn in that same manner. Now we can sort of replace one thing for another. has AI sort of changed the way you think?
Speaker 1:  I think it only changed how I debug things. Because, um, at first if I wanted to debug things, maybe I need to ask the hobby class teacher or like I need to do it by my own and maybe I'll never sort it out. But because most questions I get are quite easy, so probably I will. But now I can just ask AI if I really can't debug a thing that I do. I think if I am coding on my own, like for a project that I'm interested in, I might use ChatGPT to directly code everything that I want. But because I'm studying right now and I'll be examined on what I learned, so I won't let it do it for me.
Speaker 0:  Gotcha. Yeah, so, you know, mostly same way you would code by yourself first. If there's a problem, then you turn to AI for debugging. Um, then we've touched on this a bit, but um, would you say that the depth of understanding of the materials and the concepts change with AI? I know you, you know, mentioned that it certainly has helped you explore a lot more things, but would you say that that depth that it gives you is material? Uh, is is it a sufficient uh level of understanding?
Speaker 1:  I think it is sufficient for me. And I would say the depth is not like additional materials, but it helps me link everything together. Like I will understand it more. Like, um, I remember like when we were learning about Darwin and how he discovered all the principles. Firstly, when I learned on myself, I just remembered he discovers three principles including this, this, and this. And then after talking with ChatGPT, I might understand how he actually discovered, he discovered by this, and because he discovered by this, so we had three principles. The how part is not so complicated, it might be just one sentence, but it helped me link everything together.
Speaker 0:  And so, you know, um, would you say that, you know, that is the most beneficial part of AI when it comes to study? Um, are there other scenarios where, you know, if someone were to say like, name one thing that AI is best at in terms of, you know, being an educational tool, what would you say, you know, would be like the number one scenario where it has given you the most value?
Speaker 1:  Uh, that's a difficult question. I would say every everything is quite important for me like for debugging and for understanding. And yeah, I would say the best thing for AI is that it knows everything. But I don't know like how. Like in which way is best.
Speaker 0:  Gosh, you. So it's sort of like attributing a lot of the values to the things that you got from it. Yeah, perfect. Um, you know, what about the other side of the equation, right? Are there scenarios where you would avoid using AI? Are there like is there a no-go zone for, you know, for yourself where you would do it the completely traditional ways or by yourself or with classmates and there's no AI involved at all?
Speaker 1:  I think so because um although I sometimes think abusing AI is not so good, but um I couldn't even stop. Like I won't use it when I'm writing homework, uh like when I'm writing writing a worksheet. I would write it on my own and I won't use AI at all. But if I find any questions like I don't know why this doesn't work, I would still ask it. Yeah, so I'm kind of controlling myself to not do it for my benefit, for my like exam outcome benefit.
Speaker 0:  Give me a bit more insights as to, you know, that reasoning, uh 'cause uh I I find that, you know, quite respectable, but um what would you say the motivation behind that is to not use it for assessments or grade uh worksheets?
Speaker 1:  because why I use AI to study at first is because I wanted to help me study better, study faster, study like understand deeper. But if I use it with homework, then I will not study faster and um understand deeper. Mmm.
Speaker 0:  Awesome. Well, we're coming to the sort of the wrapping up session of this and um I'm curious as to where it currently fails. So let's say with ChatGPT, um you know, where would you say is its biggest flaws when it comes to being an educational tools? Are there scenarios where you, you know, uh tried something and it it didn't work? Where would the improvements be?
Speaker 1:  Um, I haven't really um faced this situation in my own study, but I would say it might be quite bad for like cultural study, like all those kind of things like arts, culture, because um when I try to let it explain like songs to me or like paintings or something else, if if the painting, song or like even game is very popular, then it could get quite, it could give me quite valid answers. But if it's not popular and you will need some more imagination and your own opinions, it couldn't do anything.
Speaker 0:  Um, you know, revisiting the sort of uh, you know, the point where it came up in our first discussion of uh how you interact with ChatGPT in a different language. Um, you know, when it comes to exam times or assessment time, um, you know, is is there a mismatch between learning in Mandarin for example and applying it in English? Does that ever cause any kind of frictions or does do you feel like that has impacted your learning in any way?
Speaker 1:  I think it is actually a benefit. Like when I'm studying um psychology, I might let ChatGPT to give me, I I would talk with ChatGPT in Chinese, but um I would like let it give me like both Chinese notes and English notes. And learning both could make me like um understand faster because it seems quite simple in Chinese but quite difficult in English.
Speaker 0:  Gotcha.
Speaker 1:  So I would rather think because maybe I'm using it in the right way because I'm also letting it speak English and speak English a bit and giving me some English notes that I need. So it actually kind of benefits me from understanding English.
Speaker 0:  Mhm, okay. And uh, you know, again, the university has this push for like a productive AI tool. So far it hasn't worked. Um, but let's say, you know, if you're on the board of development, right, and then tomorrow we get to build the perfect AI tool for the university students, uh, for like programming, content, thousand one, stuff like that. Yeah, what would that sort of ideal tool look like? You know, where uh, the current chatbots, ChatGPT and Copilot and stuff can't necessarily do. What would what would that, you know, what would how would that tool look like to meet your needs?
Speaker 1:  Um, will it be like based on LMS or based on
Speaker 0:  Mhm. Um, you know, it it will be whatever you would like. Let's say we, you know, we can magically make it happen.
Speaker 1:  I would say if you want to make it better than ChatGPT, ChatGPT and everything, maybe you can like, um, select anything in your course from the LMS and directly translate it to the AI tool. Those kind of things. Or maybe, um, put the AI tool just inside the LMS where you can like get to it immediately when you want. And maybe because sometimes I find finding the class resources quite difficult. Maybe when you ask it, it could directly lead you to it. So I would say, um, the the AI tool could be more like linked with your class resources.
Speaker 0:  Got you. Yeah. Is the current one sort of too broad in its answer? As you ask a question, there's no context behind the materials on LMS, for example.
Speaker 1:  Is there a chat tool on the LMS?
Speaker 0:  Oh, have you heard of one?
Speaker 1:  I don't know. Oh, are you asking a question?
Speaker 0:  Oh, uh, no, no. I mean, I'm just saying, you know, in in your perspective, you would like an AI that is embedded in the LMS so that it could give you answers based on the material. All right, yes.
Speaker 1:  Yeah. Um, there there might be two kinds of questions. First one, I might just ask the AI, I'm trying to find, I'm trying to find the PPT of lesson six. Can you take me to it? And it'll take me to it. And the second kind is, I might ask some concept based on lesson six and it will like tell me its understanding, its answer, and then it might ask like a ChatGPT, um, would you like me to lead you to the material that um talked about it before?
Speaker 0:  I got you. Okay. Yeah, and I do just want to confirm that, you know, so let's say that tool does exist, um in in in your sort of opinion, you know, what how would that be better than a chatbot, like a a standard general ChatGPT?
Speaker 1:  I I think the best benefit for me is it is that it's based on class resources. And however, can I mention that I think if you really put something in there, maybe some people will use will abuse it like. Right. They will use it too much.
Speaker 0:  Gotcha. Gotcha. Yes. Um, yeah. on on the side note there, there is one, I don't know if it's on there, but it's called Spark AI, if you've heard of that? No. What about like Aila? AI learning assistance? No. Yeah, because the university has a central AI thing that they built and they plan to put it on the LMS. Certainly it didn't work again, so that's why we're doing this. Um, but yeah, really that's uh that's about it. And um, you know, as we sort of close this up, are there things that you feel like we haven't covered here? Some things you would like to share about your AI use or how you learn programming in general that we haven't touched on here? Lovely. Then in that case, uh, I thank you again for taking your time to sort of participate here. Uh, if you're interested in like the outcome of this, uh, generally like how students are using AI within Melbourne Uni, uh, I'll I'll provide the outputs of the studies uh after we we wrap everything up. And um, if you want your data removed, if you don't, you know, if you change your mind about your consent and you don't want your data in any publications or removed from the database, give me an email, I'll be more than happy to comply. Simply because uh if I don't, they'll revoke my degree. So, um, yeah, that's that's certainly about it. Um, and again, thank you so much.
Speaker 1:  Um so we will be sending the output output on my like email.
Speaker 0:  Uh, yeah, so, uh
